Fix: several typos in the documentation (#929)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Smart_Contracts/contract-abi.adoc

=== Flattened enum variants

> You may not want to nest enums when serializing the event. For example, if you write an ERC20 as a component (not a contract) that is pluggable anywhere, you may not want the contract to modify the keys of known events such as `Transfer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may not want to nest enums when serializing the event. For example, if you write an ERC-20 as a component, not a contract, that is pluggable anywhere, you might not want the contract to modify the keys of known events such as `Transfer`.
```

> You may not want to nest enums when serializing the event. For example, if you write an ERC-20 as a component, not a contract, that is pluggable anywhere, you might not want the contract to modify the keys of known events such as `Transfer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might not want to nest enums when serializing the event. For example, if you write an ERC-20 as a component, not a contract, that is pluggable anywhere, you might not want the contract to modify the keys of known events such as `Transfer`.
```
